---
title: "Continuous Lie Algebra Homology of Gauge Algebras"
collection: talks
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/talk-1
venue: "Finite-inﬁnite workshop, Vienna"
date: 2021-08-17
location: "Austria"
---

This talk was held online during the Covid-19 pandemic, slides and a recording are available here: <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/finite-infinite-workshop/schedule-and-abstracts">Click!</a> <br>

<b>Abstract:</b> Quantizations of infinitesimal gauge symmetries are classified in terms of the continuous Lie algebra cohomology group of gauge algebras in degree 2. For gauge bundles with semisimple fibers, this space was calculated by Janssens-Wockel (2013), their method relying heavily on the low degree of the cohomology group. In this talk, we extend these results to homology in higher degree. To this end, we review some homological algebra for topological chain complexes and use it to lift the well-known Loday-Quillen-Tsygan-Theorem (1983, 1984) from a statement in algebraic Lie algebra homology to one that takes topological data into account. For globally trivial gauge algebras whose fibres are classical Lie algebras, this calculates a certain stable part of continuous homology. A similar description was given by Feigin (1988), but lacking a detailed proof. Finally, we use the results for trivial bundles to construct a Gelfand Fuks-like local-to-global spectral sequence from which homological information about nontrivial gauge algebras can be extracted. If time permits, we discuss obstructions to a full understanding of this spectral sequence. This talk is based on joint work with Bas Janssens.
